README.md, before:

# MIX Simulator 

MIX is a hypothetical computer described by Donald Knuth for
instructive use in The Art of Computer Programming. This software
provides a simulator for MIX, written in Python 3, as well as an
assembler for the MIX Assembly Language (MIXAL).

## Development Plan 

MIX is an instruction set architecture; Knuth does not express a
canonical microarchitecture for its implementation. As such, the scope
of this project is restricted to simulation, rather than emulation,
insofar as the two remain distinguished. That is to say, the
specification of an inspectable pipeline and its fetch/execute cycle,
the maintenance of a separation between a control unit and an ALU,
etc., are not of this project's concern. Such low-level details,
though intellectually interesting, are immaterial to the consideration
of MIX itself.

In the first iteration of the simulated machine, the act of reading or
writing to an external device will be presented as a blocking
operation (that occurs instantaneously). This should have no practical
impact on the execution of correct MIX programs. Later versions of the
machine will allow the user to specify the length of time (or a range
of times) an IO operation will take to complete. Writing and reading
will still occur instantaneously in the background, but this
additional feature will provide a means of exposing incorrect programs
that read or write at inappropriate junctures.

## Contribution Guidelines
- Function should be implemented, as much as possible, in
  "call-stack order", e.g.:

```python
def foo():
    ...
    bar()
    ...
    baz()
    ...

def bar():
    ...
    a()
    ...

def a():
    ...

def baz()
    ...
```

Commit message:

docs: add python and dep. info to contrib sec.

README.md, after:

# MIX Simulator 

MIX is a hypothetical computer described by Donald Knuth for
instructive use in The Art of Computer Programming. This software
provides a simulator for MIX, written in Python 3, as well as an
assembler for the MIX Assembly Language (MIXAL).

## Development Plan 

MIX is an instruction set architecture; Knuth does not express a
canonical microarchitecture for its implementation. As such, the scope
of this project is restricted to simulation, rather than emulation,
insofar as the two remain distinguished. That is to say, the
specification of an inspectable pipeline and its fetch/execute cycle,
the maintenance of a separation between a control unit and an ALU,
etc., are not of this project's concern. Such low-level details,
though intellectually interesting, are immaterial to the consideration
of MIX itself.

In the first iteration of the simulated machine, the act of reading or
writing to an external device will be presented as a blocking
operation (that occurs instantaneously). This should have no practical
impact on the execution of correct MIX programs. Later versions of the
machine will allow the user to specify the length of time (or a range
of times) an IO operation will take to complete. Writing and reading
will still occur instantaneously in the background, but this
additional feature will provide a means of exposing incorrect programs
that read or write at inappropriate junctures.

## Contribution Guidelines

### Python Version
MIXpy targets Python 3, specifically CPython 3.7.2.

### External Libraries
There is, in general, no compelling reason to introduce dependencies
for MIXpy: those defined in `requirements.txt` concern development and
thus are orthogonal to execution at runtime.

### Method Order
- Function should be implemented, as much as possible, in
  "call-stack order", e.g.:

```python
def foo():
    ...
    bar()
    ...
    baz()
    ...

def bar():
    ...
    a()
    ...

def a():
    ...

def baz()
    ...
```
